Modify helm chart (#15637)
Alluxio/alluxio: integration/kubernetes/helm-chart/alluxio/CHANGELOG.md

0.6.43

- Rename static pvc metadata.name in csi

0.4.44

- Move helm-generate.sh script and README.md inside helm chart

> - The 3 deploy mode templates are put inside helm-chart directory after generated
> - The generated fuse yaml templates are put inside fuse/ directory 
> - The generated csi yaml templates are put inside csi/ directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 3 deploy mode templates are moved inside helm-chart directory from the base directory
- The generated fuse yaml templates are moved inside fuse/ directory from the base directory
- The generated csi yaml templates are moved inside csi/ directory from the base directory
```
